% GENRENAMES(1) genrenames 0.1.0
% Tomodachi94
% June 2022

## NAME

genrenames - Create a `renames.txt` file from a tilesheet dump for `ftb-rs`.

## SYNOPSIS

genrenames [OPTIONS]

## DESCRIPTION

Genrenames, in essence, lists out all files in a directory that contain underscores.

Underscores in filenames, when generated by `ftb-rs`, indicate a missing character.

The `renames.txt` file is an option to resolve such characters.

## OPTIONS

**-h**, **--help**
: Displays a help message and exits.

**-p**, **--path**
: The path to search. *Required.*

**-o**, **--output-file**
: The file to export the results of the program to. If blank, the program returns everything through stdout.

**-a**, **--all-files**
: If present, the program will return all files in the target path in renames.txt format.

## EXAMPLES

**genrenames -p ~/.minecraft/icons**
: Generates a renames.txt file if files with underscores are found and prints that output to stdout.

**genrenames -p ~/.minecraft/icons -o ~/.minecraft/icons/renames.txt**
: Generates a renames.txt file if files with underscores are found and saves it to a file called `renames.txt`.

## EXTERNAL LINKS

** https://ftb.fandom.com/wiki/Feed_The_Beast_Wiki:Tilesheet_update_guide **
: The full guide to updating tilesheets.

** https://github.com/tomodachi94/genrenames.py **
: Contains source code and issue tracker.

## COPYRIGHT

genrenames is (c) 2022 tomodachi94, under the MIT License.

Copyright © 2022 Tomodachi94

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the “Software”), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

**The Software is provided “as is”, without warranty of any kind, express or implied, including but not limited to the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and noninfringement. in no event shall the authors or copyright holders be liable for any claim, damages or other liability, whether in an action of contract, tort or otherwise, arising from, out of or in connection with the software or the use or other dealings in the software.**
